# GammaStation Development Repository
This is an effort in introduce a brand new map into /tg/'s SS13 map rotation.

Welcome to GammaStation,
This is officially /tgstation/'s first "Native" Multi-Z Mapping Project (Don't quote me on that). Orginially convieved by Zytolg, this project currently Co-Developed by trollbreeder. This is one of many concurrent Multi-Z mapping projects designated for tgstation in order to introduce a greater map variety into the map rotation. Gammastation is a shakeup of the standard formula by capitaizing on the current advantages of Multi-Z by way of a basement, and focusing some already great implementations of departments from other stations in a way that only Gamma Station can. On one half, you have a rock. Great for tunneling, and full of sprawling maint, it's a place people are bound to get lost in, and a great way to ramp those paranoia levels back up. On the other half, you have a (almost) natural expansion of metal out into space. Chaos becomes a little bit less than order, but in return, the safty of the rock has been traded away. This ability to cater to the consequences of disaster in multiple different ways ensures that no two shifts will (end) unfold in the same manner. Additionally, nearby derelicts offer the perfect platform for station expansion projects should the need arise, or the shift just runs a day too long. Every playstyle has been considered, and catered to here. 

WHAT IT DOES FOR THE GAME:
Gamma addresses a serious issue currently present in the map rotation: Variety. Box/Meta/Delta are favored stations, but between them are a lot of similarities. Additionally, Kilo/Donut have recently been removed from the rotation, and the code, with Box prosed to follow. This will leave Delta/Meta/Pubby, and there will be a complete lack of Multi-Z between them for some time. By introdcuing a 4th dynamic, something that is different from the 3 maps currently in no jeopardy of termination, Gamma sets itself up a viable option for the map pool. Additionally, by forcing Multi-Z (Gamma ensures that most gameplay happens on the above Z-Level), Gamma encourages Mutli-Z gameplay to be leveraged, and hopefully inspires further development of the feature. Being based in space with a small Mining-Z additionally ensures sustainability, and access to all ruins without hassle. 
